Rework sign-in status API explainer background (#454)
fedidcg/FedCM: proposals/idp-sign-in-status-api.md

Because similar consent dialogs can lead to permission blindness and user
frustration, browsers rely on various implementation-defined heuristics to
balance user consent fatigue with privacy risk (eg. in the implementation of
requestStorageAccess). We expect these heuristics to evolve over time with each
browser's privacy threat model and the changing privacy landscape.

One common class of such heuristics is to replace explicit user confirmation
with passive user notification in some contexts. For example, when navigating to
a cross-origin URL that passes some information in a query parameter, browsers
generally rely on the fact that the navigation is visible to the user, rather
than requesting consent to share information with the target origin. FedCM aims
to enable such optimizations without specifying the precise behavior which
browsers are likely to evolve independently over time. Such notification in
FedCM contexts presents a problem when the user is currently not signed into a
given IDP as resulting UI is likely to be of low value to the user, eg. "You are
not signed into IDP X and so no sign-in UI can be shown".

> To solve this problem (and to slightly optimize network traffic), we propose

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To add more signals that user agents could use to address this problem, we propose
```

Maybe the spec can be less opinionated that this is necessarily the only/good solution to solving this problem?

(also, I'd remove the optimization to network traffic)
